replay: Pricing page (#6279)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/pricing.mdx

### On-Demand Volume {#on-demand-capacity}

Buying on-demand volume lets you control the maximum amount you’ll pay for overage each month after your reserved volume runs out. If you go over your on-demand volume,  you’ll still have access to previous event data, but any new data you send will be rejected and you won’t be charged for it.

With on-demand volume, you pay for any event or attachment processed, (rounded up to the nearest cent), after your reserved volume has run out. On-demand volume is billed at the end of each billing month. To see on-demand pricing per plan type, check out our [per-category-pricing](#per-category-pricing).

#### Shared and Per-Category On-Demand {#on-demand-cap}

Organizations on all plans have the option to set a shared on-demand strategy. Organizations on plans with [performance monitoring](/product/performance/) features have the ability to choose between a shared or per-category on-demand strategy:

> - **Shared:** Your on-demand budget is shared between categories such as errors, transactions, and replays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Shared:** Your on-demand budget is shared between all categories on a first come, first serve basis. There are no restrictions for any single category consuming the entire budget.
```
